---
type: 'episode'
title: 'Episode 5: Immigrant Children Problems'
author: 'Jackie Ha'
topic: 'personal'
date: '2020-09-13'
slug: '/ep5-immigrant-children-problems'
postImage: './img/005-hero.jpg'
metaDescription: 'Casual chat with some friends about our immigrant childhoods'
---

<iframe src="https://anchor.fm/poorpeople/embed/episodes/005-Immigrant-Children-Problems-ek9nu6/a-a3cgpre" height="102px" width="400px" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

# Did you remember to put down the chicken?!

We're finally back with another episode! Mee and I decided that after a bunch of really heavy, dense episodes, we needed to inject a little lighthearted fun into the pod. Often times during our usual friendly chats, we'll joke about issues we come across as children of immigrants. "Why you no have Ph.D?" 😜We've collected a number of stories at this point, so we thought it'd be fun to share our stories and experiences. To add a bit more flair, we invited two of our friends, Jessica and Raul to join us for this episode and tell us their own stories. As expected, there is a lot of funny overlap in all of our stories, despite the fact that we all have different ethnic backgrounds. You're in for a treat!

You'll notice that the length of this episode is much shorter than what we've released in the past. Per some feedback we've received, we have decided to start releasing shorter episodes moving forward. This will hopefully allow everyone to be able to enjoy the content without needing to start and stop throughout the episode (and subsequently forget what we're talking about). In terms of content, this just means we'll be sharing more of our personal experiences and less of our formal research on the episodes, especially since we're not experts on these topics. Let us know what you think about the shorter format!

After a few super serious episodes, PPP decided to do something a little more lighthearted and fun. Mee and Jackie invite two of their college friends Raul and Jessica to come join them on the show to discuss and compare notes on their different (but also very similar!) upbringings. From pressure to make specific decisions on college majors to fears about being on the receiving end of "La Chancla", this episode is full of fun stories to which many children of immigrants will find familiar.

## Out of context quotes:

- SeCreT SeX
- Wasn't sure if I should curse

## Post recording notes

- It's not as natural than if we were all in the same room
- Was enjoyable. Good laughs.
- Helpful callout of names to suggest who should speak next

# Upcoming Episode: Episode 6: Money Matters

In this episode, we'll dive into the first part of our financial discussions! We talk about our experiences growing up in frugal households and reflect on how certain lessons we learned as children affect our decision-making processes today.

As always, shoot us an email or hit us up on social if you have things you want to share with us or if you want to give us any feedback. We'll be happy to hear from you. And lastly, REGISTER TO VOTE if you haven't already! Your voice matters, so you can check out the [US government official site](https://vote.gov/) to learn more about how you can double check your voter registration or learn how to register to vote. Check out the chart below to make sure you don't miss your state's deadline!
